Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
You ever feel like nothing you do matters?
You leave footprints on the beach and somehow they are gone
Like its just today. over again.
They say that your teen years are for making friends and having fun.
Which made me feel even worse
Hey. Amy. It's Jake. I'm in your math class.
Hey do not forget your adult diapers. Yeah right.
Jake
Its a phone for you.
But that day. everything changed
Thanks for the ride. Shelly.
How come you have to go deal with your grandpa?
My dad. couldn't get out of work
I didn't think he worked.
You know. I'm...I'm just gonna call grandpa.
Hello. this is Abe
Hey. it's Jake.
No. don't come here.
Listen to me.
Its not safe!
Stay away.
Grandpa. did you take your pills today?
The Key!
To my gun cabinet... it was in the drawer
And now its gone!
Yeah. Dad took it.
A'right? For safekeeping.
It's okay.
Your father wants. I should to fight them without a gun?!
God bless him.
Whats his deal? Alzheimers?
Dementia
That guy gave me the heebie-jeebies.
Holler if you need me.
Grandpa!
Shelly!
What's going on?
Someone broke in!
I have a .38 in my car. you wait there.
911. what is your emergency? 911? Yeah I...I need
the para-medics to 2040 Palm Circle.
My grandpa...
Grandpa. You have to get away from here
Please. listen.
Go to the Island...
Find Emerson...
The postcard... go to the loop... September 3rd. 1943.
Its okay. just... just don't move. There's an ambulance coming.
I know you think I'm crazy. But the bird will explain everything.
Will you do this Tegrisco? promise me?
I promise. yes..
I thought I could protect you.
I should have told you years ago
Grandpa! Tell me...tell me what?
GRANDPA!
Shelly behind you!
There was no one there.
May I say Jake.... that considering that this was just a month ago
I think you're doing exceptionally well.
Apart from being crazy?
Having nightmares and anxiety doesn't make you crazy.
And what about seeing things which aren't there?
Actually in dramatic situations its not at all uncommon.
Your subconscious mind draws an image from a movie. or....
It was a story.
My grandpa told me stories when I was a kid
About monsters that he fought in the war
So there you go.
He was brutally attacked. And in your head the man who did it was inhuman.
A monster.
It wasn't a man though.
The cops said that dogs scratched up the screen door.
And he chased them off into the woods
And the coroner said he had a heart attack
And the cops said
dogs went for the soft parts.
The DNA had wounds of animals
so thats case closed.
He sounds like an extraordinary gentleman.
Were you very close?
Puerto Rico.
Here
There is a lake where the water glows in the dark.
And a secret tunnel. Thats where I hid from the monsters
He used to babysit me a lot.
And when I was with him I felt special.
Abe.
Its like 11 o'clock. What is he doin up?
Im going to be an explorer. Grandpas told me about my first voyage.
Everything has already been discovered. buddy.
Pay no attention to your father. He knows bubkiss. Come tegrisco... off to bed.
Can you tell me a story
The usual?
Okay
Once upon a time there was a little boy
where's the pictures?
Pictures.
Once upon a time a little boy called Abe
That was you.
That was me and he lived in a lovely children's home on an little island near Wales.
Where the sun shone every day.
The Headmistress. Miss Peregrine....
Was very clever.
and she smoked my pipe
She could turn into a bird
It was a home for special children
Like Bronwyn...
and Victor
They were both as strong as ten men.
And Hugh
Hugh had bees living inside him.
Where is Emma? She could float.
She was lighter than air.
She had to wear special shoes made of lead
to keep her from floating away.
Where is she now?
She's still on the Island. I believe
My mom and papa sent me there. to live with the special children.
And now Tegrisco time to sleep.
He used to call me Tegrisco.
Its Polish. for little tiger.
Couldn't have picked a less appropriate nickname.
I was always a chicken.
Why your mom and dad send you away?
Where we lived in Poland. it was not safe.
There were monsters.
What kind of monsters?
Huge ones.
With long arms and no eyes. And tentacles like this.
The dumb thing was. for years I actually believed his stories
This is Millard. he's invisible.
My teacher says they are trick photos.
And did you believe her?
Dad says that you get in one of those places that you were traveling.
I would never lie to you. Tegrisco.
But you did it.
About the home... the monsters.
Dad told me.
Your father knows very well that I went to live in the children's home
He said there were monsters in Poland
Just not the kind with tentacles.
He said you got sent away to Wales because there were bad people.
People who wanted to kill anyone who was different
I do not want to talk about this anymore.
He said children were special
but not the way you said.
You find something good?
Aw. Look at that.
It's awesome.
Take that
C'mon buddy. lets roll.
How are you so okay?
Jake. You were a lot closer to him than I ever was
He was a wonderful grandpa. But not...not such a great dad. you know?.
Never seemed to pick a job that didn't involve late nights and long trips away though.
Me and Aunt Sussie I always kinda thought he was maybe cheating on our mom.
I am sorry. buddy. I know how much you worshipped him but there it is.
Surprise!!
Happy Birthday. cousin Jake.
Jake. its great you've to come to spend the summer with us.
Wait till you see the new dogs
Can't wait.
Its aunt Sussie.
Thought you might want to open this one.
Its from your grandpa
Found it while I was packing up. I figured he meant to give it to you someday.
Thanks
"Complete Essays and other writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson."
To Jake and the worlds he has yet to discover
My dearest Abe. "
I hope this card finds you well
The children and I yearn to hear your news.
I do hope you will visit us again soon
We should so love to see you."
With admiration. Alma Peregrine. "
Hmm... Only two years ago
I suppose its possible she could still be still be alive.
Right
And I could meet her.
Maybe even find out what it was Grandpa wanted me to know.
But what if she's dead?
Dr. Golan. we are very concerned with Jake's state of mind right now
And there is no way I'm putting my life on hold to take you to Wales.
Dad could take me.
And he can even look at birds... work in his book
It means you get a break.
And as Dr. Golan said. Maybe I can move on.
Like closure.
Having an opportunity to see this Children's Home and separate fantasy from reality.
May be useful and at the very least a trip like this provides a chance to
say goodbye
Cairnholm: population of 92. Best known for its proximity to the final resting place of the cruise liner
Augusta which sank in 1915.
There is only one hotel
Thats us
Be sure *********
Oh wow! Jake! check it out. That's a peregrine falcon.
Peregrine. like the Headmistress?
Sure
Hey thats probably where grandpa came with the tale of turning into a bird thing.
Maybe. Maybe that's really her.
"Hey Ms. Peregrine. Its me Jake I am Abe Portman's grandson.
Please don't crap on us"
Oh. god. Dad I'm kidding
What the h....Hello?
Hello?
Anybody home?
"Two Torpedoes hit RMS Augusta 894 lost"
Oh Hey! Any idea where I'd find the manager of this place?
That's me
Sorry to keep you. Just helping uncle Oggie to the loo
I'm Kev. There's room upstairs. Great
I'll be back in a bit.
Kev's jus gettin our suite ready.
While we are waiting. I thought maybe we could go check out the beach.
I thought we'd go to the Children's Home.
It the beach where the birds nest?
I...I thought we could check it out real quick
I could go to the home by myself.
And you can. really take your time.
And I enjoy it
Come on. Jakey. You know your mom would freak.
What if we can find someone to take me?
Hey dudes
Dad! I got this
I was just wondering if any of you guys might be interested in taking my son
here. to the other side of the island.
And what are your names?
I am Worm and this is Epsy Denty.
Epsy Bussines.
I thought you changed that! No!
No. You did remember?
When Lou said Epsy Bussines made it look like cracked trousers.
Yeah. But she said it sounded like a personal hygiene problem.
Wait. Are these are like nicknames or...
stage names of rappers here in Wales.
Come on. Worm. show this shank how its done
What? Now?
I like to throw letters in the churches.
My father is always there. the very dog.
But no one can with me.
I will break the ice like a burning blade.
Yes. it is. it is good.
Should we take the shortcut. D. We'll get there quicker.
Take it from me.
What? Down here?
Yeah
Is this even the way to the Children's home?
Right through those trees.
No use cryin' over a lost shoe. boy
The Children's Home... What happened to it?
The German navy A bomb fell right on the roof.
September the 3rd. 1943.
Where... where did they go after it?
The Headmistress and the children?
Not one survivor.
Poor little buggers... and they were lovely too.
Why didn't he tell us that they all died?
He leaves to join the army and three months everyone he knows gets killed?
Not even grandpa can turn that into a bedtime story
No wonder he was scared at being a dad.
Being close to anyone.
Listen.
if you need to talk about all this with someone. buddy.
We should call Dr. Golan.
Do you mind if I go hang out with those other kids today?
They asked.
Yeah. That's awesome
Abe?
You're Emma
And the twins.
And Olive
Bromwin
He's Miller.
You are dead
All of you. You're all dead
I mean he is...he is invisible he's still dead
None of us are dead
[Oh my God] Am I dead?
No
You called me Abe. in the house. Why?
You look like him.
Just for a moment
Before you started screaming. running away and concussing yourself.
Wait. what's happening?
We are waiting until the coast is clear before we go into the loop.
You never know who might be watching.
Wait. before we...before we go into what?
Please Jake Ms. peregrine's waiting. She saw on the ferry and sent us to get you.
Where do you think you're going?
To my room
Im a...I am a guest here
Does this look like a hotel to you?
Yeah...No!.
I've....I've got a key.
Talk to the manager. He'll tell you.
I'm the manager. boy.
He's American.
Maybe he's army?
Bollocks! Listen to his accent. It's terrible!
He is a spy.
What?
No. I'm not I'm a tourist
I say. we should get the truth out of him - the old-fashioned way.
Come on. quick guys.
I can't believe you're real.
You're all real
We've been trying to tell you.
But I am special too.
What?
In the pub all of you saw it. Right?
Everything was flying and breaking. And that was me.
I was doing it with my mind.
No. that was me
Miller? Yeah.
Are you naked? Yeah
A bomb drops on you in 1943.
It is 1943
September the 3rd. 1943
The whole day. every day
Its our loop
Right on time
Ms. Peregrine. Delighted to meet you.
I do hope Im not going to have the pub landlord knocking
on my door with the police again?
I've had to kill them twice this month
Its been terribly inconvenient.
We may have broken some things. that's all.
And Olive may have started a tiny fire
But they were going to hurt Jake.
Look at you!
The last time dear Abe sent me a photograph.
you were a just a tiny todd.
Don't you stand there. come in.
Your tea is getting cold.
How did you know about the pub?
Your weigh approximately a 109 pounds. correct?
Bronwyn and the twins returned six minutes after you ran away.
I think Im missing something.
And quite apart from the fact that the perceived safety of the pub
makes it...
the most likely place to which you would flee?
It would take you 18 minutes to run there.
Emma and Miller would have been moments behind with the
horse and trap travelling at around 8.2 miles per hour.
Fact doing some sort of Kerfuffle in the pub and
the return journey with your added weight.
You would arrive here with 30 minutes past 4
now then. do you like sugar?
That will be enough. thank you Olive. Nobody enjoys overboiled tea.
Let me help you. Enoch.
Do not bother.
Wouldn't want you to interrupt the tea party.
I'm so sorry for your loss. Jake.
You know. then?
I know if Abe were alive
You would have told me you were coming.
Shall we take our tea outside?
Before he died he told me to find you.
There was something he wanted me to know
He said you could explain everything.
That's absolutely true. But there are few things I can't explain
We are in common parlance - as peculiar
51 seconds late. Fiona.
Sorry Ms. Peregrine
How many carrots you need for supper?
Just one will do.
As I was saying some people are peculiar
Its a recessive gene carried down through families.
Yet. many generations can pass without a peculiar child being born
And alas. peculiars have been persecuted through the ages
Hence. we live in places like this.
in Wales?
Anywhere will do if you pick the right day.
Thats fine now. Fiona.
You see. I am a type of peculiar called an Ymbryne. That means I can....
You can turn into a bird.
Well I do! But that's not very useful.
An Ymbryne's main skill is the manipulation of time.
We chose a safe place. a safe day and create a loop
What do you mean?
A loop preserves the last 24 hours.
Reset the loop and the day is yours to live in again.
Reset it daily and you can stay there forever
Entirely safe from the outside world
Right on time Bronwyn. good girl
And thats why we Ymbrynes are charged with the care of the young.
And no one ever gets older?
Its best for everyone this way
I assure you.
Each Ymbryne commits herself to the creation and upkeep
of a place like this
A Home for Peculiar Children.
You've met the twins
This is Claire
Miller you've met
And that's Hugh
Stop cheating Hugh
Miller thats a foul. again!
No it wasn't!
If you two cant play without squabbling.
wish you wouldn't play at all.
Look who our referee is.
Good afternoon. I'm Horace. Delighted to meet you
We sorely needed some new blood here.
Super shirt by the way
Thanks
You know Emma. of course
And I think thats everyone.
Didn't Bronwyn have a brother?
Yes. Victor's upstairs.
Wait. where did Enoch and Olive go?
Heaven knows.
Enoch's been off ever since we went to look for Jake.
Ms. Peregrine there's a policemen at the door.
He says it's about the pub.
We discuss this later. Emma.
It wasn't their fault
Honestly. just they were just trying to help
Thanks. You're not as vet as I thought
She's not really going to kill anyone. is she?
Not if she can talk her way out of it.
Would you help me with something.
Enoch usually does it but. like I said. he is sulking somewhere.
Is that because of me?
He is possessive
So.... What you need help with?
One of my daily chores.
Put the baby squirrel back in the tree.
What baby squirrel?
That happens every day?
Like clockwork.
Now. would you mind tying that rope around my waist?
Uh...Yeah.
Right. Promise to hold on tight?
I knew we messed that up.
Abe did too... the first time.
This used to be his job
Emma. ​​I need to tell you something.
He is dead.
I know. Ms. Peregrine guessed and she's always right.
It's okay
I said goodbye to him a long time ago
Were you close?
I thought we were.
For a while.
But I suppose not
Can I ask. was he like you?
He was like you. Jake.
I need to go change for supper.
Will you be dining with us?
I can't stay out late.
Suppers at 5:30
Well that's pretty early
The fact we are not all eight years of olds seems
to have eluded Ms. Peregrine
You can borrow some of Abe's clothes. His room's in the attic
Jake
Come meet Enoch. properly.
Well. you must feel pretty out of place.
Don't worry. I am used to it.
I wasn't worried. Some advice for you though.
Man to man
If you think you're staying just because you like Emma.
Don't bother
You see she swore off romance years ago when
she got her heart broken
And she's never gonna change her mind.
Enoch. I wasn't....
What are you doing?
Isn't he amazing?
What did you do?
This?
Jake. This is not even the fun part.
Do you want to see the fun part?
They are like puppets.
Just do anything I tell them.
It is even more fun with people
You should have seen some of the epic battles I used to have
Emma ***********
You need a necktie.
So. What did my grandpa do when he was traveling?
Visited other loops.
Really?
To do what?
Jake. there are some questions I can't answer. alright?
So it will be a lot easier for me if you just
stopped asking them.
Hey. what are you doing?
Miller. go and put some clothes on.
Polite persons do not take the sup in the nude!
Alright!
You can sit here Jake.
Look at Enoch. He's jealous.
Why would I be jealous?
All of you can go marry Jake for all I care.
Do not be mean. Enoch. She doesn't want to.
She's just excited to a visitor.
Nobody is marrying anybody.
Now eat up your food before it gets cold.
Hugh
Where's your net?
It must be very strange for you Jake.
To meet your grandfather's friends.
Visiting another century.
There spaceships in your time. Jake.
Like the Flash Gordon books?
Now! Now! Olive. what did I say about the questions.
We don't discuss the future here.
We enjoy living in the here and now
Claire. why aren't you eating?
She's embarassed in front of Jake.
Don't be. please.
So. Jake. what is your peculiarity?
Oh. I'm... I'm not peculiar.
And that my friends is why he'll not be staying with us.
No matter how hard we try to persuade him.
We've spoken about this. Jake is just visiting.
Do you not want to stay. Jake?
Tonight or ..
Forever. You should stay forever.
Why would he if he doesn't have to?
He can live out there. Grow older and have a good time instead.
And leave. Just like his grandfather did.
Emma!
Excuse me. where she's going?
That wasn't nice. Enoch!
You know perfectly well why Abe left us.
To join the army.
And then he met a lady. And had a nice wedding cake.And a lovely little baby.
Children!
I know you'd all like a new friend
But I'm sure Jake has plenty of his own back in  Florida.
I think you should all get ready for movie-time while I answer that
But you always let us stay for it.
Hi. this is Abe.
How is everyone?
Yours has extra marshmallows. Jake.
Miller. put some pajamas on.
It is very hot in here
Stop moaning.
Excuse me.
My grandpa told me about this.
Horace projects his dreams. right?
He used to listen to the radio.
Gets tedious when you know every word off by heart.
Splendid. I'll take it.
It sounds about clothes mostly.
Delighted to meet you
Super shirt by the way.
When did he dream this?
Last night
Some of his dreams are prophetic
But mostly they are about clothes.
Prophetic as in. he can see into the future?
The Ymbryne. Who is she? Mrs. Peregrine. you know her?
Don't be silly. Horace was just having a bad dream. Thats all
Thats quite enough. Thank you Horace.
I think probably get going
You could stay the night. If you wanted to.
Rather than walk home in the dark.
But the island is very safe. isn't it?
Of course
I only meant the path is dreadfully bumpy.
Jake could trip.
Perhaps you could show him the shortcuts?
Should he ever need to avoid...bumps.
Wont you stay to see the restart. It is really quite spectacular.
What was that?
It was my phone.
It's been dead the whole time in the loop I guess now ...
Your phone?
Yeah. ****** like a telephone? You can call people...
And send written messages.
Right. You'll love this. You can take a picture.
Press that... there...yeah.
See?
Whats wrong?
Its just funny to think that one day you'll grow up
like Abe did.
Get married... have children.
Grandchildren
You might even******* photograph.
And I'll still be here.
Wha... can you leave some day?
And live in the present if you wanted to?
No. More than a few minutes in your time
and the years would catch up
You'd age?
Would... you're...
I think it is the Ymbryne from Horace's dream.
Are you sure it's not just a bird?
I mean. I don't know... wouldn't it change?
She can't. Not if she's hurt.
I need to take her inside. You should go.
Please do not say anything else. I hate goodbyes
I'll come back tomorrow
There's no hurry. I'll be here forever.
Hey.
Have I been all this damn island Where the hell were you?
I was just on my way back.
Sorry. I lost track of time.
I was having a blast with Worm....
and Dirty D?
Dirty D?
You know what? This is... this is good
This is healthy. This is you're making real friends
Doing teenage stuff.
I think this is normal. I am sure that Dr. Golan will approve.
Hey. you American
Get over here
Hey look here there they are. theres D-bag and worm-man
Did you do this?
What? No!
Of course not
It wasn't us.
Listen Sir. I don't know what happened here but my son
and his friends
Have been together all day.
And Jake would never do anything like this.
Bollocks! We haven't seen him!
You paid us yesterday.
Why would we hang out with him today for free?
Jake were you with them or not?
No! I'm sorry!
And you don't seriously think I could do this?
I think we're done here. sir.
Well. can pass on a message for me?
Can you tell Dr. Golan that if she hadn't encouraged this cockamamie trip
maybe my son wouldn't be mopping around all day in a derelict house
HAVING A GODDAMN BREAKDOWN.
Hello?
Dad. I'm not.
I'm fine
You're not.
You are not fine. Jake.
Coming here was a terrible... terrible idea.
Im sorry. I lied ..
Set your alarm for 8:00 am.
I want to get to the beach early.
The rest of the time left on this crap-o-island.
we're stickin together.
Where are you going?
Downstairs for a drink.
Dearest Peregrine: I don't wish to alarm you...
but one of my informants sent me this.
It would appear that some of Mr. Barron's group were in Black Pool. England.
If I recall. Ms. Avocet has a loop there. "
Please warn her and suggest that she make a new one right away. "
Well hidden. "
And take the greatest care yourself. With Love. Abe. January 2016
Who is ready to hit the beach?
Oh my goodness
Unbelievable!
Im right in the middle of a nesting are?
What kind of idiot does that?
Actually. the main nesting area is over there.
I can show you. if you like.
It's marvellous to meet a fellow bird-spotter!
John Lamont.
Franklyn Portman.
This is my son. Jake.
John Newmont.
That's a hell of a camera you got there.
Oh. thank you. is absolutely fantastic.
I am here to do some snaps for a book I'm writing.
So. you gentlemen are here on holiday?
So. you are not coming to the beach today?
What's the point?
That guys gonna cover ****** on some big glossy book.
no ones even wanna look at mine.
I might just have a nice afternoon nap.
I do not suppose you saw uncle Oggie on you travels this morning.
did you?
He's usually here by now.
I could go look for him.
You're not going anywhere
Jake. you're back! Come and play!
I need to see to Ms. Peregrine first.
Do you know where she is?
Jake. you're back. How wonderful!
How's it doing?
Emma said it was an Ymbryne.
She. not 'it'. Ymbrynes are always female.
And Emma was quite correct. This is Ms. Avocet
Her loop is in Black Pool England.
That was a private letter. Jake.
Who is Mr Barron?
Ms. Peregrine. if my grandpa was involved with dangerous people
I need to tell the police.
To the police?
Are you implying Abe died an unnatural death?
I found him in the woods with eyes missing.
I'd say that was pretty unnatural.
Unless essential. I don't
discuss unpleasant matters.
An Ymbryne's is a duty to
protect children. Jake.
I am not a child
He wanted you to tell me everything.
Oh. How frustrating for you.
Between Ms. Peregrine rules and
my ******* not to scare you off
It's like no ones telling you anything?!
So why don't you then?
It's not like you want me here
Enoch. you can't
You promised
Olive is right
However. I know someone
who can break the rules.
Want to meet him?
Enoch. do not do this! Please
You didn't want us to spend time together.
That's what you said.
Well. here we all are.
Move. Olive
If you're going to be like then I
do not want to be your friend.
Enoch! Leave Victor alone. It really upsets Bromwyn.
Stop fussing. Fiona. Don't you think Jake should meet everybody?
He's trying to frighten you away. Jake.
He was always jealous of Abe and now he's jealous of you.
Come and play with us instead
I'd quite like to meet Victor
After You.
Hello Victor.
I'm Jake. Im sorry to disturb....
He can't hear you
Hello Jake. I'm Victor. Do you want to know what killed me?
Ah. there you are. ****** Its time for our daily walk.
Emma. Who killed Victor? Was it the people with the white eyes?
I asked you not to ask questions.
I saw one the night my grandpa died.
If it really was one. you have to tell Ms. Peregrinee.
Could you recognize you recognize him from a photograph?
Do you have one? Then come on. Theres somewhere I go to be alone.
I have things there.
Is this the place?
No. This is how we get there.
Emma! Your shoes! Lead shoes!
Welcome to my secret hideout.
How? How did you...
Air. My peculiarity. It does what I want
Jake. Before your grandfather retired.
he asked me to keep this safe
This is my grandpa's old map.
It shows you where the loops are.
That's him. thats the man I saw. Who is he?
Thats Barron. He is the Leader.
Leader of what? Who are these people?
Bad people... bad peculiars.
Abe dedicated his life to hunting them down.
These are the ones he never found
What do you mean "hunting"?
They raided homes. Whole homes full of children left for dead.
Abe took lives ...
To save lifes.
He only retired when you were born to protect you.
From what?
If I tell you the rest. you have to promise not to run away.
Jake. you belong here.
You know that I dont. I'm not like you. I'm just ordinary
Maybe not Jake. only a peculiar can enter a time loop.
No. that can't be right. I mean... I would know.
Fine. Then I'll show you something else.
Hurry! You'll miss it.
Ymbrynes usually pick the perfect date to create a loop.
Now Ms. Peregrinee ..
Had to do this in a rush.
Why?
Because the Germans were about to drop a bomb on the house.
The point is. September the 3rd. 1943....
wasn't perfect. The thing that killed Victor came back.
Wait. watch out! ***********
You can see it. can't you? No one else can. Its invisible. Jake.
That was Abe's greatest gift of all.
He could see the monsters.
We call them 'Holocaust'. Hollows. for short.
My grandpa told me about people. who turn into monsters.
Is that what they are?
I will explain everything. Jake. I fear its my duty now considering... but you should know that in doing so....
I'm breaking a solemn promise.
I knew you were peculiar when you were born but your grandfather....
forbid me to tell you anything.
His dearest wish was for you to have an ordinary childhood.
Well I definitely had that.
He intended to tell you the truth when you turned 18.
He hoped his bed-time stories would pave the way.
Here's my book.
Many years ago. a splinter faction emerged among our people
Disaffected peculiars tired of living in loops.
That's Mr. Barron.
He believed that by harnessing the essence of an Ymbryne's powers.
he and his cronies
Could gain immortality and be able to live outside loops.
He devised an experiment.
He kidnapped an Ymbryne not knowing or caring
Whether she would survive the experiment
But the fate of Barron and his group
was more horrifying still.
Why didn't Barron turn into one?
He did.
But years later he found a way to reverse the effects...
to regain humanity.
They had become not immortal gods - but Hollows.
invisible beasts. dangerous. cold-blooded. deadly!
Remember I told you they raided loops? This is why
Barron discovered that by consuming the eyes of other peculiars ... especially children.
He began to change
Consume enough. and a hollow can fully regain its human form
Just as Barron and some of his friends did.
The rest of them are stuck as Hollows.
Are you saying that Barron ate my uncle's ...
He needs no more eyes himself. but I fear I led a Hollow to your grandfather. yes.
After the first attacks on Loops. we all got better at hiding ...making new loops... keeping our
Whereabouts secret.
The Hollows grow more desparate every year
and Barron wishes to help his friends
Miss Peregrine! Come quickly! Miss Avocet's awake.
Oh Miss Peregrine! They found my new loop. The children...
I tried to save them but there were so many Hollows...
I dont know how I escaped.
You are safe now.
None of us are safe. They set up the machine in my loop.
They put in in the celler at Blackboat tower. They're still there...
The machine?
The experiment. They intend to do it again! This time. he's using more Ymbrynes.
He still wants to be immortal
Do Hollows only attack peculiars?
Of course not! They're monsters. Jake.
they'll slaughter anything in their path.
Well. some sheep on the island were killed.
You don't think they're here already. do you?
Have you seen anyone with white eyes?
I'm sorry children. we can't remain here.
What?
We leave on the first ferry. off the island tomorrow.
Pack anything of importance.
I'll make sandwiches and lead you to bed
Are we leaving for good? When are we coming back?
Never. If Ms. Peregrine's not here to reset the loop
tomorrow night ...
the house gets bombed. What? Our house?
Dont cry. Miss Peregrine will find you another lovely house....
somewhere else
Once this loop closes. that's it!
I can't get back to my own time
You didn't seem very happy there. I can't just leave!
I have a family
And you felt ordinary. Like nothing you do changes anything
And. now you have a chance to do something that changes
everything it all! Jake. we are in danger ...
and you're the only one who can see the Hollows.
Yeah. I see them sure but. I'm not my grandpa.
I'm not and I...I
can't fight. I can't kill somebody...
There's only one reason that I'd stay here. Please!... just go.
Jake... Jake. here you are! Thank God!.
When I heard they found a body. I freaked.
Are there stray dogs around here?
- What are you talking about?
Its like. when they find an injured
animal. they go for the soft parts first
Same thing happened to my father.
- The police are on their way.
Dad. I gotta go? No... you don't Jake.
If this was not an accident ...
there's a lunatic on the island. - I've known everyone
on this island. my whole life except you and him ...
And he's been in the pub all afternoon.
- So have I...I was sleeping
What about the blind fellow? - I mean...I assumed he was blind.
Gentleman with the dark glasses. Arrived on the same ferry as me.
I kept seeing him around.
Jake! Jake!
Is your son alright?
- No. he has mental health issues.
I can't....
- Let me. I run 5 k's all the time.
Hello!
Hello! Is that you. young man? You
came through? ... You're peculiar?
Oh yes. and I'm extremely grateful to you.
It's terribly hard...to find loops these days
So you followed me from the beach on purpose? - Oh
no. I've been following you much further than that!
Dr. Golan?! - Sometimes when
it suits me... the breadth of
my peculiarity is purely limited by my imagination .
. the only thing I can't change... is my eyes.
Mr. Barron. How do you do? I saw you. at
your grandfather's. I was hoping to get
Ms. Peregrine's address from him. but alas... my
travelling companion got to him before I did ...
and as you know. theres no stopping a hungry Hollocaust.
Speaking of my travelling companion...he's coming
And believe me when I say to you don't want to be here.
When he arrives. So. lets be on your way....shall we?
I musn't forget our calendar. Could you fetch
it from the parlor please. Miss Avocet?
Go and help the others
Miss. Peregrinee what a pleasure to
meet you. at last! May we come in?
Children. would you make your way down the stairs
please? -I give the orders in this house. Mr.Baron!
Not today. You should know that Jake has
served his purpose. If you value his life
I suggest everyone does as
they are told! Children!
Shush! No one tells my children what to do.
Children come down here. please.
Ms. Peregrine ...
- I thought I told you to be quiet!
Children. for jake's safety. we are
going to do what Mr. Barron asks
He wishes to take me with him to his rendezvous in Blackpool So for his
protection. he would like me to assume bird-form. preferrably caged...
And he'd like you to make your way into a lockable room. such as the parlor. As he wont
relieve Jake if he fears an attack could be mounted upon him once he loses his leverage
Correct. Mr. Barron? You are sacrificing
yourself and all of us... for Jake?
Mr. Barron travels with a Hollow. Enoch.
Once it arrives here. we're all dead.
Enoch. only Jake can see them.
She means he's our only hope.
Its been my privilege. to care for you all.
Goodbye! My children.
Now. let him go.
Promise me one thing. Jake. That you will
try to look after them all. - I Promise.
Its getting dark. You won't even be able to see their shadows.
He have to stay inside. Its the only place we stand a chance
He's quite right. Now where does Miss.
Peregrine keep her weapon?
Now...all right children. Make sure all the doors are locked and
the windows are latched. Everything must be sealed up tight.
Jake. I think tonight
you better answer that.
Hello?
You... you don't know me. I'm Jake. - Ah!
you're new. Well. welcome to the family Jake.
Now i cant talk long. so just tell Miss.
Peregrine that Im at the airbase. and I'm fine.
I just wanted to say that. I miss you and if I disappointed
you. I'm sorry....and you're the best grandpa in the world.
Fiona! - Got it!
Miss. Avocet! Now children. now that
you are all here. theres a few rules.
Your primary job is to stay safe. Leave the
Hollow to me. I don't want to see any heroics.
Now. those of you with garden
tools. I must insist that you ...
No Enoch! Get back!
Go! get to the attic.
Take her!
Go! go! Get out ! All Come on.
Alright ... crap!
its almost reset.
Fiona. is there anything
you can do with that tree?
Be careful!
We're going through the windows.
Lets go!
Come on!
Claire! Come on down.
Go Fiona!
Let's move on!
What was that? The loop closing.
It is gone.
Im sorry Jake? What do we do now?
- Is there any sign of Barron...
And Miss. Peregrinee?
- Gone. Barron must have had a boat.
Well. we have to go after them. We know he is taking her to
Blackpool. But Blackpool is miles away. and the next ferry
doesn't go for hours.. We'll
never make it in time.
Not unless we go by boat too!
So theres a loop here in Blackpool - its only six months
old. January 11th. 2016. With Miss. Avocet gone...
it can't be reset. Once the loop closes?
Then its back to real time.
Jake. you know what this means. dont you?
you're going to die.
Thats not what I mean. We have to get to our own
time. But you dont. You can continue to live in 2016
But why would I do that?
- If we kill Barron. he'll be gone but time
will carry on. He won't go to Florida.
Abe won't die and you can go home.
I can see my grandpa.
Listen! I can explain everything to them. I
can persuade them to take me to the island.
Will you still there?
- Our old loop's gone... for good.
We would'nt see each other again.
I thought you wanted me to stay
I know you'll choose Abe. If I
minded I wouldn't have told you.
So. we found Miss.Avocet's loop on the map yet? - Its
here. but its new. she made it earlier this year
Its my year. If we don't get out before
it closes. we're stuck in January 2016
Great! So time catches up with all
of us. we all die except you!
Plan? - Loop closes at 4:30. I mean. we need
to get in. rescue the Ymbrynes...and get out.
If we're not dead already. Miss. Avocet said the machine
is in the cellar of the Blackpool tower building
That means we'll be indoors with Hollows. - No...we
wont! i've got a plan. but I'm going to need your help
This can't be it. can it?
- Loop entrances can be anywhere.
The one in london is
in a subway tunnel
Sure. this is it? - I think so
Miller. theres something I need you
to do first. - A'right. I know.
Look! Theres the tower. Its not far.
- Easy for you say! I'm freezing.
Ready?
All the doors to the celler are locked.
The only way to reach the Ymbrines is...
Thats backstage. How many
Hollows can you see?
Four. Its good news.
- I think you and I have a very different
definition of good news. - it means Barron's
other friends haven't arrived yet...
Means they haven't started the experiment.
We're not too late.
Ok Emma. you ready? You know what to say.
- Hey. Jake
Our brethren should be joining
us momentarily. This is a day...
Hey! You down there. We killed your Hollow friend
Mr. Barron and now we've come for Miss. Peregrinee.
Bring her and all the other
Ymbrines to the end of the pier
in five minutes.... or
face the consequences.
These children must be as insane as their headmistress as
your principal! Still... the Hollows will be glad of a feed.
Where are you? I know you're in here somewhere. Ah...
good.... listen to me. I want you to follow Mr.Archer ...
and Mr. Clark. They are going to take you
down to the pier for a lttle afternoon tea.
Mr.Archer. Mr. Clark. gather the
Hollows and take them to the pier.
Those children killed Malphus? - Barron has had
it for Malphus since he killed Abe Portman
Thats Abe Portman for months
All I needed was a few minutes to get the
location of Miss. Peregrine's loop from him.
But no. Malphus couldn't wait and
instead I had to masquerade as
A psychiatrist for three weeks in Florida.
Have you ever been to Florida?
Did I not tell you to gather the Hollows?
- What if it's a trap?
Of course it is Miss. Edwards! But what of it? A couple of
children against four Hollows. Lets get this over with.
Jake. I'm atuck!
Hurry up!
They are coming!
Enoch now!
Go now!
Can be seen now.
Emma! Go!
Dont just stand there! Get them!
Alright. good job guys. Time for
Step 2 Save the Ms. Peregrine.
That's... sort of step 3. First
we've got to deal with Barron.
They should've been back by now.
- I said it was a trap
If thats true. perhaps we
should move the Ymbrynes now.
You are not serious? - Do I not look
serious? Do I not look like a man who has.
Trudged the globe looking for just one
more eye to eat in hopes of regaining ..
Sufficient humanity to return to his
research? A man who spent years ...
hunting Ymbrynes in preparation for this
night? And 2...no..3 days in Wales ..
Pretending to look at birds. I
assure you I'll not stand idlly by.
To see my destiny derailed.
Hugh. do it now!
Come back here! Get them!
Low. get down! - you think
you can stand in my way?
You Jake. content to age and die as if you
had not the gift of peculiarity. at all?
I am a higher being. I hold
a secret to eternal life.
Sorry to interrupt.
- What the...?
Bronwyn
You missed me again. Jake. I it that
accuracy is not you peculiarity
Abe was a much
worthier adversary.
Dont let him get to the birds!
You must put me in
contact with your tailor
Ymbrynes...Ymbrynes.
here I come!
Cold. Wait till the blood
freezes in your veins.
That was your attempt to
rescue your friend? Was it?
Jake!
- I'll hold him as long as I can
when are you going to realise you are a terrible shot
with that thing? - Get the others. I'll meet you at the
Loop entrance.
He's getting out.
Eventually you're going to run out of breath and
it'll all be over. Death for your beloved Jake and
Miss Megan Peregrinee... and
everlasting life for me.
Olive! Olive!
I'm so sorry. Olive. All these years I never
appreciated you. 1 didn't see how lucky I was.
I got so used to having you
there. I never realized
You never realised. what?
Find your children.
Create new loops.
So Jake. I see you've inherited your grandfather's
peculiarity. You're just as annoying as he was
Speaking of Abe. if you should see him
in the afterlife. Give him my regards.
Please. we can't risk
him taking you again.
Enoch! Where are the others? - Safe. All
of us are on their way to the ghost ship.
Jake needs us.
Barron's too strong
You've lost Miss. Peregrine.
You've lost everything! Its over!
Jake?
Emma? Wait. thats not me.
It is Barron
Dont listen to him. He is Barron.
I'm Jake. That's Barron.
Well I got better shot than Jake. So
neither of you move till we sort this
Listen to me. I'm Jake. I grew up in
Florida and I wanted to be an explorer.
I never thought nothing would ever
change because I was ordinary.
Thats Jake get Barron. - Wait! I told
him all this. She was my psychiatrist.
You deal with him. I'll go find Miss.
Peregrinee.
Wait. I can prove that Im me.
because I am not ordinary
I can do something
that no one else can
I can see the monsters
Wait. it's me!
Enoch!
We need to go. The loop is closing.
- Yeah
Those of us who are leaving.
Emma ... - you love your grandfather.
There's nothing more to explain
No. I promised Miss Peregrine that I'd look
after you all and with her injured and you
without a loop... She'll
recover and until then we'll
be in 1943. We'll only age one day
at a time. Like normal people.
Which can be no bad thing.
- And what about the Hollows?
As long as they are out
there. you are not safe
We dont need you to make us feel safe. Jake. because
you made us feel brave. And thats even better.
Cmon guys. lets go!
And then we said goodbye and loop closed. I
was so scared that you wouldn't be here.
I'd never see you again.
- I am safe
Let me give you your birthday present.
- Grandpa. my birthday isn't for months.
For your travels. Go to her. Jake. You
have the map. You can go back to 1943.
Even so. they took a boat. I
don't know where they are.
But you know where they were.
You have no idea how long
it took me to get here.
The closest loop was in
the California desert.
I used it to get
to the Tokyo loop
That led me to the nearest loop back in 1942.
where I wound up joining the navy. Dont ask.
Then I spent 2 months
in London trying....
Ready. Full speed ahead!
HispaSub 05/10/2016
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today